OpenGL.

Immediate Mode - Calls to GPU directly cause Rendering to occur

Retained Mode - Buffers are maintained and sent to the GPU. 
Once sent the Code cannot access and modify the buffer

Fixed Function Pipeline - Present before the advent of Shaders.


Object Model - Generate Required No. of Objects. Bind One of them

Work with the bound object.

Unbind them and finally delete them

Communicating between Shaders and OGL Code - 

Inputs from Code to Shader must go via attributes.
Attributes can be created by first uploading the inputs into a buffer and having an attribute pointer to the location of that buffer.

The Vertex Attribute must be enabled before use

Attributes are associated with Vertex Array Objects and a VAO 
must be bound before any calls

REMEMBER TO UNBIND BUFFERS ONCE DONE WITH THEM!!

ALWAYS CLEAR COLOR WHEN DRAWING.

Element Buffer Object - Stores indexes of vertices to be drawn 

Generated and bound in the same generic way. 

Uniforms: Global Variables valid for an entire Program Object. Always Constant and can't be passed as inouts

Uniform must be set active in order to use em'

glGettUniformLocation returns the location of the Unifomr in the GLSL code

glUniform* sets the new uniform Value

Textures : Images applied to surfaces of 2D/3D Models

Sampling - Getting Texture Color using Tex Coordinates

Coordinates of Textures - s, t, r

Texel - Texture Pixel

Cross Product is defined only in 3D Space

Orthogonal - Angle made by the vectors is 90

Matrix Vector Multiplication - Can be used to Transform Vectors 

Scaling  Translation

Coordinate Systems : 

1. Local Space - Coordinate System local to the Model / Object
	Transformed to World Space with Model Matrix.

2. World Space - Coordinates with respect to a large world. 
	Transformed to View Space with View Matrix

3. View Space - Coordinates from Camera's perspective. This is the Camera / Eye Space
	Transformed to Clip Space with Projection matrix

4. Clip Space - Determines the Vertices that will end up on the Screen. Coordinates bw -1.0 to +1.0
	Transformed to Screen Space with Viewport Transform

5. Screen Space - Transforms Coordinates from -1.0 - 1.0  to coordinates defined by glViewport.

In OpenGL the Camera is at a constant Origin.